Quake III Arena texture package 'z-gpl-q3a2oa-textures-v5'
*********************************************************

Authors: Kristen C. (aka 'missbehaving' aka 'fufinha')
         Laszlo Menczel (aka 'Speaker')

Originally created by Jack Thompson.

Purpose: Provides Q3A textures missing from Openarena.

This is free stuff distributed under the GNU General Public License version 2.
For details see the file 'license.txt'.

================================================================================

The last version of Jack's texture pack was Version 4. In Jack's versions the
textures are simple uniformly colored blocks. Their purpose is to avoid the
use of the ugly 'missing texture' pattern diplayed when youy play a Q3A
map in Openarena (you know, the horrible gray/black checkerboard).

We have recently started a project to improve the package by creating proper
replacement textures, i.e. detailed ones that resemble the Q3A versions as
much as possible.

A number of Q3A textures have been implemented by the OA development team.
However, some of these textures have incorrect sizes (usually are larger than
the originals); this may cause texture misalignment problems. Some others are
completely different from the ones they are supposed to replace. We intend to
correct these problematic textures either by editing/resizing (if possible),
or remaking from scratch.

We hope that our efforts will help the OA community by extending the map base
available for servers. We intend to release new versions of this package
regularly (depending on our progress) until finally all Q3A textures have
proper replacements. But don't hold your breath, it's not going to happen
next week. There are over 650 textures in Q3A (shaders excluded).

As you can see, this is not a trivial job. So if you have experience in texture
creation, and have some free time, please, join the project and help us. The
only requirements are that you must use freely distributable sources (if any)
and you must license your textures under the GNU General Public License
version 2. If you are interested, please, contact me at the following address:

laszlo.menczel@gmail.com
